Introducing metrics api header (#18259) (#18292)
demisto/content: Packs/SecurityScorecard/ReleaseNotes/1_0_3.md

#### Integrations
##### SecurityScorecard

> - Introduced X-SSC-Application-Name header for self-identification in calls to SecurityScorecard API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the X-SSC-Application-Name header for self-identification in calls to SecurityScorecard API.
```
